Define as template (#12)
OpenTermsArchive/demo-declarations: README.md

> # *<!-- here goes your collection name -->Demo<!-- until here -->* collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Declarations of terms tracked in the *<!-- here goes your collection name -->Demo<!-- until here -->* collection
```

> _The terms listed in this collection are defined tracked by the [Open Terms Archive engine](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/engine)._
> 
> These services declarations are maintained and tracked by <!-- customize to your context -->[Open Terms Archive](https://opentermsarchive.org)<!-- until here -->.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The terms in this collection are declared by <!-- customize to your context -->the Open Terms Archive Core Team<!-- until here -→ and tracked using [Open Terms Archive](https://opentermsarchive.org).
```
